[IMP] Accounting: add new version of Accounting/Invoicing initial setup (#595)
odoo/documentation-user: accounting/overview/getting_started/setup.rst

===================================================
Initial setup of Odoo Accounting and Odoo Invoicing
===================================================

When you first open your Odoo Accounting app, the *Accounting Overview* page welcomes you with a

> **step-by-step onboarding banner**, a wizard that helps you get started. This onboarding banner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step-by-step onboarding banner, a wizard that helps you get started. This onboarding banner
```

> stays displayed until closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is displayed until you choose to close it.
```

> All these settings can be modified later by going to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these settings being seen in the banner, can be modified later by going to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration
```

I think it means the settings you see in the banner?!

--> Settings`.

.. note::
   Odoo Accounting automatically installs the appropriate **Fiscal Localization Package** for your
   company, according to the country selected at the creation of the database. This way, the right
   accounts, reports, and taxes are ready-to-go.

Accounting onboarding banner
============================

The step-by-step Accounting onboarding banner is composed of four steps:

.. image:: media/setup_accounting_onboarding.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Step-by-step onboarding banner in Odoo Accounting

#. :ref:`accounting-setup-company`
#. :ref:`accounting-setup-bank`
#. :ref:`accounting-setup-periods`
#. :ref:`accounting-setup-chart`

.. _accounting-setup-company:

Company Data
------------

This menu allows you to add your company’s details such as the name, address, logo, website, phone

> number, email address, and Tax ID, or VAT number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
number, email address, and Tax ID, or VAT number. These details are then displayed on your documents, such as on invoices.
```

.. image:: media/setup_company.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add your company's details in Odoo Accounting and Odoo Invoicing

> These details are then displayed on your documents, such as on invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Added above.

.. note::
   You can also change these settings by going to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings -->
   Settings --> Companies` and clicking on **Update Info**.

.. _accounting-setup-bank:

Bank Account
------------

> Connect your database to your company’s bank account, and have your bank statements synced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect your bank account to your company’s database, and have your bank statements synced
```

automatically. To do so, find your bank on the list, click on *Connect*, and follow the instructions
on-screen.

.. note::
   :doc:`Click here <../../bank/feeds/bank_synchronization>` for more information about this feature.

If your bank can’t be synchronized automatically, or if you prefer not to sync your bank account

> with your database, you may also configure your bank account manually by clicking on **Create it**,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with your database, you may also configure your bank account manually by clicking on *Create it*,
```

and filling out the form.

> - **Name**: The bank account's name, as displayed on Odoo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Name**: the bank account's name, as displayed in Odoo.
```

> - **Account Number**: Your bank account number (IBAN in Europe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Account Number**: your bank account number (IBAN in Europe).
```

> - **Bank**: Click on *Create and Edit* to configure the bank's details. Add the real bank's name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bank**: click on *Create and Edit* to configure the bank's details. Add the real bank's name
```

>   and its Identifier Code (BIC or SWIFT)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and its Identifier Code (BIC or SWIFT).
```

> - **Code**: This code is your Journal's *Short Code*, as displayed on Odoo. By default, Odoo creates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Code**: this code is your Journal's *Short Code*, as displayed in Odoo. By default, Odoo creates
```

  a new Journal with this Short Code.

> - **Journal**: If this field is displayed, then select the *Journal* you want to use to record the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Journal**: if this field is displayed, select the *Journal* you want to use to record the
```

>   financial transactions linked to this bank account or create a new one by clicking on *Create and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  financial transactions linked to this bank account, or create a new one by clicking on *Create and
```

  Edit*.

.. note::
   You can add as many bank accounts as needed with this tool by going to :menuselection:`Accounting

>    --> Configuration`, and clicking on **Add a Bank Account**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   --> Configuration`, and clicking on *Add a Bank Account*.
```

.. _accounting-setup-periods:

Accounting Periods
------------------

> Define here your **Fiscal Years**’ opening and closing dates, which are used to generate reports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Define here your **Fiscal Years'** opening and closing dates, which are used to generate reports
```

automatically, and your **Tax Return Periodicity**, along with a reminder to never miss a tax return
deadline.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> By default, the opening date is set on the 1st of January and the closing date on the 31st of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| By default, the opening date is set on the 1st of January and the closing date on the 31st of
```

December, as this is the most common use.

.. note::
   You can also change these settings by going to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration -->
   Settings --> Fiscal Periods` and updating the values.

.. _accounting-setup-chart:

Chart of Accounts
-----------------

> With this menu, you can add accounts to your **Chart of Accounts** and indicate their initial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| With this menu, you can add accounts to your **Chart of Accounts** and indicate their initial
```

> opening balances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  opening balances.
```

as for all the second lines.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Basic settings are displayed on this page to help you review your Chart of Accounts. To access all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Basic settings are displayed on this page to help you review your Chart of Accounts. To access all
```

the settings of an account, click on the *double arrow button* at the end of the line.

.. image:: media/setup_chart_of_accounts.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Setup of the Chart of Accounts and their opening balances in Odoo Accounting

.. note::
   :doc:`Click here <chart_of_accounts>` for more information on how to configure your Chart of
   Accounts.

Invoicing onboarding banner
===========================

> There is another **step-by-step onboarding banner** that helps you take advantage of your Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| There is another *step-by-step onboarding banner* that helps you to take advantage of your Odoo
```

Invoicing and Accounting apps.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The **Invoicing onboarding banner** is the one that welcomes you if you use the Invoicing app rather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The *Invoicing onboarding banner* is the one that welcomes you if you use the Invoicing app rather
```

Reviewer: I was told to break lines but not paragraphs, and if I'm not mistaken, I was also told that is not necessary to leave blanc lines (I could be wrong here, I don't clearly remember).
-> https://www.odoo.com/documentation/user/13.0/contributing/documentation/rst_cheat_sheet.html#break-the-line-but-not-the-paragraph

This is my last comment. I think I'm done then!

than the Accounting app.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If you have Odoo Accounting installed on your database, you can reach it by going to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| If you have Odoo Accounting installed on your database, you can reach it by going to
```

:menuselection:`Accounting --> Customers --> Invoices`.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The Invoicing onboarding banner is composed of four main steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The Invoicing onboarding banner is composed of four main steps:
```

.. image:: media/setup_invoicing_onboarding.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Step-by-step onboarding banner in Odoo Invoicing

#. :ref:`invoicing-setup-company`
#. :ref:`invoicing-setup-layout`
#. :ref:`invoicing-setup-payment`
#. :ref:`invoicing-setup-sample`

.. _invoicing-setup-company:

Company Data
------------

This form is the same as :ref:`the one presented in the Accounting onboarding banner
<accounting-setup-company>`.

.. _invoicing-setup-layout:

Invoice Layout
--------------

> Select here which layout template you want to use for your documents, and with which paper format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Select here which layout template you want to use for your documents, and with which paper format.
```

and check the following paragraphs from here.

> With this tool, you can design the appearance of your documents by selecting a layout, colors, a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this tool, you can design the appearance of your documents by selecting the layout, colors,
```

> font, and a logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
font, and logo.
```

You can also add your *Company Tagline* and the content of the documents’ *footer*. Note that Odoo
automatically adds the company's phone number, email, website URL, and Tax ID (or VAT number) to the

> footer, according to values you previously configured in the :ref:`Company Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
footer, according to the values you previously configured in the :ref:`Company Data
```

<accounting-setup-company>`.

.. image:: media/setup_document_layout.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Document layout configuration in Odoo Invoicing

.. tip::
   Add your **bank account number** and a link to your **General Terms & Condition** in the footer.
   This way, your contacts can find the full content of your GT&C online without having to print
   them on the invoices you issue.

.. note::

>    These settings can be modified ulteriorly by going to :menuselection:`Settings --> General

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These settings can be modified by going to :menuselection:`Settings --> General
```

   Settings`, under the *Business Documents* section.

.. _invoicing-setup-payment:

Payment Method
--------------

> This menu helps you configure the payment methods with which your customers can pay you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This menu helps you to choose and configure your customer's payment options.
```

.. important::

>    Configuring a *Payment Acquirer* with this tool also activates the **Invoice Online Payment**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Configuring a *Payment Acquirer* with this tool also activates the *Invoice Online Payment*
```

   option automatically. With this, users can directly pay online, from their Customer Portal.

.. _invoicing-setup-sample:

Sample Invoice
--------------

> Send yourself a sample invoice by email and make sure everything is correctly configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send yourself a sample invoice by email to make sure everything is correctly configured.
```
